TFLUKA
======

TFluka is the FLUKA implementation of the Virtual MC. For the time
being it uses the GEANT4 geometry through Flugg. The geometry itself
is built to the GEANT4 geometry through geant4_vmc. Please be aware
that this is still a development project and that many things might
not work as expected. Fill free to fix them or suggest improvements.

HOW TO BUILD TFLUKA
===================

0) Download (if you read this you have probably already done that) and
install the default AliRoot.

1) External packages needed:

  * Download FLUKA from http://pcfluka.mi.infn.it/ and install it

  * Download geant4_vmc and install it (together with GEANT4, CLHEP, etc)
    See http://root.cern.ch/root/vmc/VirtualMC.html
    NOTE: All the geant4_vmc headers are assumed to be in 
    $ALICE/geant4_vmc/include. To put them there execute `gmake includes`
    in the geant4_vmc/source directory

2) Set your environment:

  * Set the path to FLUKA in the environment variable FLUPRO

  * Set your GEANT4 environment in the usual way.

  * Make sure that your LD_LIBRARY_PATH includes the path to CLHEP, GEANT4 
    and geant4_vmc libraries

3) Compile TFluka and Flugg. In AliRoot do: 

  * gmake all-TFluka

  * gmake all-Flugg



HOW TO USE TFLUKA
================== 

An small script ($ALICE_ROOT/TFluka/scripts/runalifluka.csh) is
provided that handles the creation of temporary files that FLUKA
expects as input. A ROOT macro loads all the needed libraries. Then,
one should proceed as in any other implementation of the Virtual MC.
So:

1) Execute the $ALICE_ROOT/TFluka/scripts/runalifluka.csh

2) [root] .x $ALICE_ROOT/TFluka/macro/loadlibs.C

3) [root] gAlice->RunMC();


This will run 50 particles from TGenerator.

NOTE: FLUKA uses and external input file to define the materials and
to assign them to a given region (volume). Whenever you run AliRoot
with TFluka a temporary directory ('tmp') will be created with, among
others, a file call flukaMat.inp. The contents of this file should be
included into $ALICE_ROOT/TFluka/input/alice.inp just after the GEOEND
card. Then rerun AliRoot with TFluka, since only now the results can
be meaningful. Please be aware that NEON and SCANDIUM are not
supported for low energy neutrons and therefore special tricks might be
needed to run TFluka with them. Also PHOSPHOR should be renamed to
PHOSPHO. For this last two cases contact A. Fasso on how to solve the
problem.

LIST OF DEVELOPERS AND CONTRIBUTORS
===================================
F. Carminati
A. Fasso
E. Futto
I. Gonzalez Caballero
I. Hrivnacova
A. Morsch